we didn’t have shows last week,
which,
in the era of Donald Trump,
is always risky,
because the news moves so fast.
At the end of five days off,
we could be back
and been like,
"Well, we’re back.
"President Trump
and Vice President Flavor Flav
just announced that they will
steal Seattle back from Mexico."
Thankfully, though, we
didn’t miss too much last week.
But we did want to catch up
with some fun Trump highlights,
starting with this one.
Last Wednesday, in a moment
during an advisory board meeting
at the White House
that was caught on camera,
President Trump called Apple CEO
Tim Cook "Tim Apple."
I used to say, "Tim, you got
to start doing it over here."
And you really have.
I mean, you’ve really,
uh, put a big investment
in our country.
We appreciate it very much,
Tim Apple.
(laughter)
You know what I like
about this one?
It’s just dumb. All right?
Yeah. It’s just a fun,
dumb mistake that Trump made.
Or maybe, maybe this is
just how he says names.
He calls you by what you do
and your first name.
It’s Tim Apple.
It’s, uh, Jeff Amazon.
It’s Jussie Unemployed,
uh, you know?
And this should have been
just a fun slip of the tongue.
We laugh, we move on.
But because Donald Compulsive
Liar can’t let anything go,
this morning, he tweeted this.
"I referred to Tim and Apple
"as Tim/Apple
as an easy way to save time
and words."
(laughter, applause)
Really, Donald?
Really?
That’s what you were doing?
Well, allow me
to save time and words.
Get (bleep) out here!
Like, you’re saving time
by saying a confusing sentence
and then, days later,
tweeting a long explanation
about it?
And, also, since when
does Donald Trump care
about saving time, right?
No one wastes more time
than Donald Trump.
He spends as much time on
the golf course as Tiger Woods
and as much time on porn stars
as Tiger Woods, okay?
So Trump wants us to believe
that Tim Apple is fake news.
But there’s actually
some fake news
that is plaguing the president
right now.
It’s about Melania.
REPORTER: The fake Melania
conspiracy is back
after the first lady’s visit to
Alabama and Georgia this week.
The theory that Melania Trump
had a body double
for public appearances
began in 2017.
That was denied
by fact-checkers.
Now though, again, Twitter
users are comparing this
to other images, arguing
it’s not the same woman,
but many also commenting
lighting and makeup
are likely causes
for the mistaken identity.
H...
How is this on the news?
How is this even a thing?
Of course, Melania looks
a little different
on some days, all right?
She’s a person.
Every person looks different
day to day.
This was me, like,
two months ago, okay?
This was me three years ago,
all right?
This was me yesterday,
when I found out
J.Lo is engaged, okay?
(applause)
I look different...
I look different,
because, clearly,
I’m so happy... for her...
and, like, the 20th best Yankee.
I’m very happy.
(sniffles)
I’ll be fine. I’ll be fine.
I just--
I wanted A-Rod for myself.
(laughter)
So, please, guys,
let’s stop with this whole
fake Melania business, all
right, because it’s not true.
Although I will say this,
if you do zoom in
on that picture,
there is something
a little suspicious,
and that is
that they’re holding hands.
-(applause) -So, on second
thought, maybe fake Melania.
But conspiracy theories aside,
there’s another story
that Trump wishes was fake news.
Remember, a few weeks ago,
uh, when Robert Kraft,
Patriots owner
and guy you always see naked
on a nude beach, got caught up
in a Florida prostitution sting?
Well, it turns out
Kraft’s happy ending
may lead to a sad one
for Donald Trump.
There is a new twist
to the prostitution scandal
involving Robert Kraft.
The woman who once owned
the Florida massage parlor
tied to that case
appears in a selfie
with President Trump.
Here’s the picture. This is
a picture of 45-year-old Li Yang
at a Super Bowl party
that was hosted by the president
at his Mar-a-Lago resort
in West Palm Beach,
and it was taken
the day of the game.
Kraft and the president, as
you know, are longtime friends
and they have socialized
at the golf resort before.
This woman was
at Mar-a-Lago with Trump.
All right, that’s just dangerous
for both of them,
especially for her,
because you never know
when Trump is gonna pull
another Tim Apple, you know?
Might be just be like, "This is
my friend Cindy Handjobspa."
(laughter, groaning, applause)
And...
And it’s not just...
It’s not just that she’s taking
photos with the president.
It’s that she might be
pimping him out, too.
MAN:
Her name is Li Yang.
She goes by "Cindy."
She’s been spotted
with the who’s who of the GOP,
including the president’s sons
at Mar-a-Lago.
WOMAN: 45-year-old Li Yang
runs a consulting business
that has offered
to sell Chinese clients access
to the president
and his family at Mar-a-Lago.
The company boasts
that it has arranged
taking photos
with the president,
and suggests
it can set up a White House
and Capitol Hill dinner.
Goddamn, man.
How does every scandal
somehow lead back
to Donald Trump?
Like, this dude is like
the Kevin Bacon of corruption.
-(laughter)
-I’m serious.
Like, you could probably link
Donald Trump
to Kevin Bacon
just through scandals.
You go, uh,
Kevin Bacon had money stolen
in a Ponzi scheme
by Bernie Madoff, okay?
Uh, Madoff also stole money
from Governor Eliot Spitzer.
And Spitzer was busted
in a prostitution ring
after a tipoff from Roger Stone,
who was just indicted
by Mueller in the investigation
of Donald Trump.
-Boom! Four moves, baby.
-(applause and cheering)
Four moves.
Everywhere you go.
And basically,
that’s our world now.
A rich guy can’t get jerked off
without it somehow leading
to a possible
Trump campaign violation.
So, even though
President Trump never went
to that massage parlor,
somehow they still (bleep) him.